Update readme and create more flushed out contributing documentation (#11131)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/contributing/testing/index.md

Reviewer: This file needs custom header IDs still

---
title: Testing contributions
description: Testing contribution to ethereum.org
lang: en
---

# Testing contributions to ethereum.org

The QA testing contributions is an initiative to test release candidates for ethereum.org before they are deployed into production. Testing is a vital part in a products release cycle to catch bugs and regressions that may have been introduced before a release.

> On Tuesdays we create a release candidate that goes into the staging branch. Information about the release candidate will be posted in the `👾 ｜ website-code` channel in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org). You can also find the release notes for the release candidate on the [releases page](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/releases) in the GitHub repository. The release candidate will be tagged as a `pre-release` until it has been merged into master. After QA testing, we deploy the release candidate into production if there are no release blocking bugs found on Thursday. More info on the deploy process for ethereum.org can be found [here](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/blob/dev/docs/deploy-process.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 in the GitHub repository. The release candidate will be tagged as a `pre-release` until it has been merged into master. After QA testing, we deploy the release candidate into production if there are no release blocking bugs found on Thursday. More info on the deploy process for ethereum.org can be found [here](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/blob/dev/docs/deploy-process.md).

- **Every Tuesday** we create a release candidate that goes into the staging branch.
- Info about the release candidate is posted in the `👾 ｜ website-code` channel in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org). 
-  Find the release notes for the release candidate on the [releases page](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/releases)
- The release candidate will be tagged as a `pre-release`
- **On Thursday** the release candidate is published on production.
- More info on the deploy process for ethereum.org can be found [here](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/blob/dev/docs/deploy-process.md).

```

## How to get involved

> There are a number of ways to get involved with testing. We are looking for any content, design, or user experience bugs or regressions that may have been introduced in the release candidate.

Author: A bit. We currently don't offer anything, but I would like to see this as something we do for 2024.
